Maps indoors/change/reversegeocodeexample (#112)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_api/v1/index.md

* Venue and Building geodata will disregard the floor index and will be given based on the latitude/logitude alone.
* Floor and Room geodata will respect the floor index and will return if the latitude/logitude intersects AND the given floorindex matches
* If no matches where found, an empty list will be returned

> * Floor indexes can be viewed in the CMS under Data Management -> Buildings. 

Reviewer: I'm not too keen on making it so specific; would it be ok if it looked like this: 

```suggestion
* Floor indexes can be viewed in the CMS under the Building's detail page. 
```
What do you think @klm-mapspeople?

Input values:

* **lat** 57.0579386
* **lng** 9.9502304
* **floor** 10

Output:

> A list of 4 geodata objects: a venue, a building, a floor and a room:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of 4 geodata objects: a Venue, a Building, a Floor and a Room:
```
